Using this program, user can transfer grades from a downloaded CSV file to your course on Canvas. User will need to know
three things before the grade transfer:
1. Canvas url
2. User's Canvas token
   How to get API access tokens: https://community.canvaslms.com/t5/Admin-Guide/How-do-I-manage-API-access-tokens-as-an-admin/ta-p/89
3. The path to user's downloaded CSV file

The logic of the program is as follows:
1. Create an instance of UserInterface class.
2. Continue asking user for the Canvas url and Canvas token until valid answer is given. Then build a connection to
   Canvas using these information.
3. Continue asking user for the path to the downloaded CSV file until valid answer is given.
4. Show user the list of their favorite Canvas courses. Continue asking them to which course they want to transfer the
   grade until valid answer is given. Will show them the full list of all courses if asked.
5. Show user the list of the assignment groups from their chosen course in step 4. Continue asking them to choose the
   assignment group(s) to which they want to transfer the grade until valid answer is given. Then from each assignment
   groups, ask user to which assignment(s) they want to transfer the grade.
6. Show user the first five rows of the CSV file they entered in step 3.
7. Continue asking user to identify what's inside of each CSV column until valid answer is given. To do this, user need
   to fill in a list (list length = CSV column size) with integers 0-n where 0 means None (not important for this grade
   transfer), 1 means first name, 2 means last name, 3 means full name, 4 means student ID, 5 means email, 6-n
   represents each assignment(s) in step 5. Please notice that only 0 (None) is allowed to be repeated; other integers
   can appear at most once. The program will transfer user input integers 0 to None, 1-5 to their corresponding string
   literals (such as "first_name"), and 6-n to the corresponding Canvas assignments, and then store these information
   into a list.

8. Create an instance of CanvasGradeTransfer class using the Canvas course (step 4), CSV header information (step 7),
   and CSV path (step 3).
   8.1. Create member variables of Canvas course, gui list (CSV header information), and CSV path using the three class
        parameters. Also create four empty lists: third party students' full name pool, third party students' last name
        pool, Canvas students' full name pool, and Canvas students' last name pool.
   8.2. Create an empty grade book dictionary where the keys are the assignments id in gui list (step 8.1) and the
        values are empty dictionaries.
   8.3. Create a set of third party students. To do this, the program creates an instance of ThirdPartyStudent class for
        every row in the CSV file (step 8.1) by filling in students' information according to the gui list (step 8.1).
        Each ThirdPartyStudent will have a first name, last name, sid, email, full name, assignment list (which stores
        the grades of each assignment in the gui list (step 8.1)), and four boolean variables: email match, sid match,
        full name match, last name match, manual match. All four matches are initially set to be false. Then the program
        adds each student to the third party student set. Lastly, it also appends each student's full name and last name
        to the third party students' full name pool and last name pool (step 8.1) respectively.
   8.4. Create a set which includes all students enrolled in the Canvas course (step 8.1).
   8.5. Add Canvas students' (step 8.4) last names and full names to the Canvas students' last name pool and full name
        pool respectively (step 8.1).
   8.6. Match third party students (step 8.3) with Canvas students (step 8.4).
        8.6.1. Match all students who can be matched based on emails. If the email matched, remove the students' names
               from all four lists: third party students' full name pool, third party students' last name pool, Canvas
               students' full name pool, and Canvas students' last name pool (step 8.1),.
        8.6.2. Match all students who can be matched based on sid. If the sid matched, remove the students' names from
               all four lists in step 8.1.
   




NOTE: 1. If leftover students (the one who can't match by sid or email absolutely) do NOT have unique names, then their
         grades will NOT be transferred by this program. You must do it manually.

      2. Only leftover 3rd party csv students (if any) (after both 1st and 2nd degree match) will be shown to the screen
         after grade transfer is done. Attention to them because it may require you to manually transfer them. Also, you
         won't be told which Canvas students left un-transferred.





